[Graph setup]
fibers_considered = [9]
num_fib_rve = 9
vfrac = 0.4
r_fiber = 0.2
self_loops = False
edge_weight_scale = 0.3333
periodicity = True
edge_augmentation = None
augmentation_percentage = 0.0
edge_vec = True

[Training]
trim_for_test = False
fullfield_stress = False
stress_as_input_field = False
track_loss_per_timestep = False
layers_arr = [5]
hidden_nodes = 512
activation_func = selu
min_epochs = 152
max_epochs = 3002
max_train_hours = 105
early_stop_epochs = 100
update_epochs = 4
val_frequency = 4
full_val_frequency = 4
transf_frequency = 4
aggregation = add
seed = 433
batch_size = 8
bias = True
normlayers = No
dropout = 0.1
res_lay = True
tot_res_lay = True
unique_MPLs = True
SGD_optim = False
adaptive_lr = True
learn_rate = 0.0002
weight_decay = 0.0
main_error_train = False
pretrain = None
xi_strainfield = 0.4
xi_stressfield = 0.6
xi_stresshom = 0.0
steps_ahead = 25

[Data]
timesteps = 25
transfersteps = 25
transferdir = fib49_mesh500_t25_gp4
trainsize = 4000
random_trainset = False
trainend = 4000
validationend = 6000
transferend = 6250
transfertrain = False
storetransfhom = True
plot_cases = [1998, 1999]
plot_timesteps = [0]
load_vec_in_data = False
load_vec_separate = True
load_vec_as_feature = True
epspeq_feature = True
numvoid_feature = False
norm_inputs = True
norm_targets = True
noisy_inputs = False
savemodel = True
w_init = kaiming_uniform
run_material = True
