[Graph setup]
fibers_considered = [4]
num_fib_rve = 9
vfrac = 0.4
r_fiber = 0.2
self_loops = False
edge_weight_scale = 0.3333
periodicity = True
edge_augmentation = None
augmentation_percentage = 0.0
edge_vec = True

[Training]
trim_for_test = True
fullfield_stress = True
stress_as_input_field = False
track_loss_per_timestep = False
layers_arr = [5]
hidden_nodes = 512
activation_func = selu
min_epochs = 30
max_epochs = 50
max_train_hours = 105
early_stop_epochs = 200
update_epochs = 4
val_frequency = 4
full_val_frequency = 4
transf_frequency = 4
aggregation = add
seed = 133
batch_size = 1
bias = True
normlayers = No
dropout = 0.0
res_lay = True
tot_res_lay = True
unique_MPLs = True
SGD_optim = False
adaptive_lr = True
learn_rate = 0.0002
weight_decay = 0.0000
main_error_train = True
pretrain = None
xi_strainfield = 0.4
xi_stressfield = 0.6
xi_stresshom = 0.0
steps_ahead = 25

[Data]
timesteps = 25
transfersteps = 33
transferdir = fib4_mesh1_t33_4
trainsize = 4000
random_trainset = False
trainend = 4000
validationend = 6000
transferend = 6001
transfertrain = False
storetransfhom = True
plot_cases = [0,0]
plot_timesteps = [0]
load_vec_in_data = False
load_vec_separate = True
load_vec_as_feature = True
rmse_training = True
epspeq_feature = False
numvoid_feature = False
norm_inputs = True
norm_targets = True
noisy_inputs = False
savemodel = True